https://codepen.io/mhmusa/pen/PowZQxz

 1. What is Semantic HTML?

Ans: Semantic HTML is HTML that introduces meaning to the web page rather than just presentation. It refers to the idea that all your HTML markup should convey the underlying meaning of your content—not its appearance.

2. What is HTML used for?

Ans: HTML is used to create electronic documents (called pages) that are displayed on the World Wide Web. Each page contains a series of connections to other pages called hyperlinks.
	
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?

Ans: Attributes provide additional information about an element. Attributes are always specified in the start tag. Attributes usually come in name/value pairs like: name="value"

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

Ans: H1 tag is used for the title of a page or post. To make the text stand out, the H1 tag is usually formatted differently than the rest of the page tags.

It's fine to stick with one H1 per page, multiple H1s can be used as long as they are not being overused to the point of spamming, and the H1s fit contextually within the structure of the page.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes

Ans: The <a> tag require href attribute & img tag require src attribute.

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?

Ans:  The HTML <head> tag represents the head section of the HTML document. The <head> element can contain other HTML tags that contain metadata. Metadata provides information about the document such as title, description, keywords etc.

7. What is an id?

Ans: The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element (the value must be unique within the HTML document). The id attribute is most used to point to a style in a style sheet, and by JavaScript (via the HTML DOM) to manipulate the element with the specific id.




8. What elements can I add an id to?

Ans: Using The id Attribute The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element (the value must be unique within the HTML document). The id value can be used by CSS and JavaScript to perform certain tasks for the element with the specific id value.


9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?

Ans: An id must be unique in a page. So the same id can only be applied once within a document.

10. What is a class?

Ans: The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element. ... The class name can be used by CSS and JavaScript to perform certain tasks for elements with the specified class name.

11. What elements can I add a class to?

 Ans: The class attribute can be used on any HTML element (it will validate on any HTML element).

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?

Ans: Same class can be used as many times as needed within a document.

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

Ans: The short answer is: just add a target="_blank" attribute to your links (anchor tags).

14. What is the alt attribute used for?

 Ans: The required alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed. The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it.


15. How do I reference an id?

Ans: ID selector is a name preceded by a hash character (“#”). The #ID selector styles the element with the specified id. Example: Style the element with id="firstname": #firstname { ... and Usage.

16. What is the difference between a section and a div

Ans: The <section> tag defines sections in a document, such as headers, footers, or any other sections of the document. The <div> tag defines a division or a section in an HTML document. The <div> tag is used to group block-elements to format them with CSS.


17. What is CSS used for?

Ans:  CSS is used to define styles for your web pages, including the design, layout and variations in display for different devices and screen sizes.


18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

Ans: The element selector selects HTML elements based on their tag names. For example:
h2 {
   color: red;
}
Which will select all of the <h2> elements on a page and all h2 would be color red.


19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

Ans: In the CSS, a class selector is a name preceded by a full stop (“.”) and an ID selector is a name preceded by a hash character (“#”). The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.

When to use IDs

You should use IDs if only one element on the page should have the style applied, and/or you need a unique identifier for that element. For example, you might assign an ID to a <nav> tag which contains your left menu. The styles for this ID could contain the position, background-color, float properties, size etc. You probably wouldn't want any other element on the page to use this particular style.

When to use classes

You should use classes when your style needs to be applied multiple times on the same page. For example, you might have many <h2> elements that need the same style applied.



20. How do we select classes in CSS?

Ans: class selector selects elements with a specific class attribute. To select elements with a specific class, write a period (.) character, followed by the name of the class. You can also specify that only specific HTML elements should be affected by a class.

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

Ans: 
 .human  p {
Key : value;
}


22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?

Ans: The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. Elements that are not directly a child of the specified parent, are not selected.

This is used to match elements that are direct children of other elements, which is a little more precise than the traditional contextual selector.

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

Ans: 
.sidebar a {
 Property: value;
}

24. What is a pseudo selector?

Ans: A CSS pseudo-class is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element(s). For example, :hover can be used to change a button's color when the user's pointer hovers over it.

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

Ans: Change The Spacing Between Lines. Use the line-height property in CSS to do so. Browsers by default will create a certain amount of space between lines to ensure that the text is easily readable. For example, for 12-point type, a browser will place about 1 point of vertical space between lines.

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

Ans: The letter-spacing property is used to specify the amount of space between letters. You can set the letter-spacing property value to increases or decreases the space between characters in a text.

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

Ans: The CSS text-transform Property
uppercase: makes all of the letters in the selected text uppercase or ALL CAPS.

lowercase: makes all of the letters in the selected text lowercase.
 
capitalize: capitalizes the first letter of each word in the selected text.


28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
Ans: First select the div and set border Property value as following to get the expected result:

 border: 1px dotted black;

29. How do I select everything on the page?

Ans: The * selector selects all elements on the page. For example:
* {
Property: value;
}

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

Ans: The stuff inside the /* */ marks are CSS comments. This allows you to enter notes into CSS that will not be interpreted the code.

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?

Ans: Always run LS to remind you of where you’re at in the terminal, and to quickly check the items you have access to.

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

Ans: Open the command line at the folder of interest. Enter “dir” (without quotes) to list the files and folders contained in the folder. If you want to list the files in all subfolders as well as the main folder, enter “dir /s” (without quotes) instead.

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?

Ans: To remove a file from the command line, use the rm command.

 Should be careful with the rm command because it does not ask you for confirmation when deleting files. Be sure you really want to delete your files before you use rm, because once the files are gone, they’re not coming back.

34. Why should I use version control?

Ans: Version control helps teams solve these kinds of problems, tracking every individual change by each contributor and helping prevent concurrent work from conflicting.

35. How often should I commit to github?

Ans: Depends on your source code system and what else you have in place. If you're using Git, then commit whenever you finish a step. Best practice to commit when you finish a whole feature, so every one to five hours.

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?

Ans:  git push command pushes our repo up to github.

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.

Ans: Lambda's git flow:   
Student will create OWN version of Repo (Fork)
Student will add TL as a collaborator
Student then will Clone Repo
Student will then create a branch (on which the student will implement the project) git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName'
Student will then submit their PR into the new branch.
     a) Student will use their own student fork as the base (compare across forks).
     b) Student will add their TL as a reviewer on the PR
TL then will count the HW as done by merging the HW back into master “STUDENT FORK”.

